
 Challenge from the Lord Bruce de Mr.  
 Sackville
 
 Sr  
 I that am in france, hear howe much you attribute to your self,  
 in this time that I have given the world leave to sing your  
 praises, and for me the truest Almanac to tell you how  
 much I suffer. And if you call to memory when I gave  
 you my hand last, I told you I reserved the heart for a  
 truer reconciliation. Now be that Noble gentleman my  
 Love once spoke you. Come and do him reason that could  
 recite the trials, you on your birth and Country were I not  
 confident your honour gives you the same courage to do me  
 right, that it did to do me wrong. Be mr of your own  
 weapons & time; the place wheresoever I will wait  
 on you. By doing this you shall shorten revenge, and  
 clear the Jealous opinion the world hath of both our  
 worths.  
 E. Bruce
 
 Answer
 
 As it shall be always far from me to seek a quarrel; so  
 will I always be ready to meet any that desire to make  
 trial of my valour by so far a course as you require.  
 A witness whereof you shall be, who within this month shall  
 receive a strict account of time place, and weapons by  
 him, that shall conduct you thither, where you shall find  
 me disposed to give you honourable satisfaction. In the  
 mean time be as secret of this appointment, as it seems  
 you are desirous of it.  
 E. Sackville 
 
 A Monsieur. Monsieur. le Baron Kinloss a Paris  
 chez L’Hostel de Venise
 
 I am ready at Tergoes a Town in Zeeland to give you what  
 satisfaction your sword can render you, accompanied with a worthy  
 gentleman of my second in degree a knight. And for your
 
 convenience I will not limit you a peremptory day, but  
 desire you to make it definite, and speedy for your own honour,  
 and fear of prevention, until which time you shall find  
 me there  
 E. Sackeville   
 Answer  
 Sr. I have received your letter by your man, and acknowledge  
 you have dealt nobly with me, and now I come with all  
 possible haste to see you:  
 E. Bruce  