
            A Challenge received by mr Edward Sackville esquire, from ye Lord Bruce a Scottish Baron, who fought together in ZeaLand, in the year of our Lord god 1614 
 where the said Lord Bruce was slain
 
 A monsieur monsieur Sackville .1614. 
            I that am in ffraunce hear how Much you  attribute to your self in this time, that I have given the 
 world Leave to ringe your praises, and for me ye 
 truest Almanac to tell you how Much I suffer, 
 And if you Call to Memory, when I gave you 
 My hand last, I reserved the hart for a truer 
 reconciliation. Now be that Noble gentleman My  
 love once spoke of, and come and do him Right 
 that could Recite  trials you owe your birth 
 and Country, were I not confident your Honour 
 gives you the same Courage to do Me right, that 
            it did to do Me wrong. Be Mr of your own weapons and time, the place where soever I will 
            wait on you, by doing this, you shall shorten revenge and Clear the idle opinion the world hath  
 of both our worths . / .
 
 Edward: Bruce . / .  
            A monsieur monsieur Le Baron de Kinloss . / .
         
            As it shall be always far from Me to seek a quarrel: so will I always be ready, to meet with 
 any that desire to make trial of My valour by so 
 fair a Course as you require: A witness whereof 
 your self shall be, who within a Month shall receive 
 a strict account, of time, place, and weapon, 
 where you shall find me ready disposed to give 
            you honourable satisfaction, by him that shall Conduct you  the there, In the Mean time, be as secret 
            of the appointment, as it seems you are desirous of it  . / .  
         
 Edward: Sackville . / .
 
 I am ready at Tergoes a Town in Zealand to give 
            you what satisfaction your sword can Render you accompanied with a worthy gentleman for my second, 
 in degree a knight, And for your Coming, I will not 
            limit you a peremptory day, but desire you to Make a definite and speedy for your own honour & 
 fear of prevention until which time you shall find 
 me their . / .
 
 Edward: Bruce . / .
 
 I have received your letter by your Man, and acknowledge 
 you have dealt nobly with me, And now I come with 
 all possible haste to meet you . / .
 
 Edward: Sackville . / .
 